when word got out that US President Joe
Biden had made his ultimatum to Israel
the house Speaker Mike Johnson told the
Press he hoped it was a senior moment
the administration quickly came out to
make it clear it wasn't a misstep it is
now US policy we have made those
concerns quite clear to the government
of Israel and as the president noted um
there are certain types of military
assistance that we will not make
available to Israel for use in a
campaign in Rafa at the Pentagon
admitting they've put a hold on sh 3500
bombs to Israel the final determin
determination has not been made on how
to proceed with that shipment but
specifically uh were focused on the end
use uh especially rather focused on the
end use of the 2,000 pound bombs and the
impact that they could have a dense
Urban setting as we've seen in in other
parts of Gaza in Congress calls to
impeach the president for his threats
and actions in Israel now some people
say Joe Biden is doing this for his
reelection which would be bad enough
it would also I have to add be grounds
for impeachment under the Democrats
Trump Ukraine standard withholding
foreign aid to help one's reelection the
Biden White House has been the most
anti-israel Administration this nation
has ever seen literally from day one the
Biden White House has been undermining
Israel at every step of the way
impeachment is really unlikely but it
does show the level of frustration in
Congress
they voted to give billions of dollars
to Israel in military aid but only the
US president has the power to deliver it
or not Patty coane Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer